I'm the aftermath of what Palestinians
are describing as one of the worst
Israeli attacks since Israel's war in
Gaza
began bodies lie scattered across the
ground of Al maasi an area in
Southwestern Gaza that Israel assured
people would be a safe Zone emergency
workers and civil defensive crews are
among the injured
Witnesses say they were targeted by
Israeli forces as they tried to help the
wounded we're facing serious challenges
in reaching the affected area and the
injured especially due to lack of fuel
and proper
equipment ready fighter jets and drones
armed with missiles and bombs struck
crows of tents where thousand of
displaced families were Sheltering the
search continues for any sign of life
we were sitting in the tent nothing was
happening suddenly a rocket fell on us I
saw children in
pieces one after another hundreds of
injured people are brought to Naser
Hospital in
kanun the first missiles were fired like
rain towards us there was a minute
between each missile they fired two many
missiles at the people why this strike
we were at al- maasi a safe Zone
with Israel limiting humanitarian Aid
deliveries doctors in Gaza have a few
supplies or medicine to treat the
hundreds injured uh we started receiving
tens of cases in a few minutes while we
are suffering from lack of supplies and
instruments we are nearly lack of
everything inside the hospital here
Israeli military claims the target of
the attack was a senior Hamas military
commander Muhammad but Hamas calls the
claim false and says defenseless
civilians were killed on an area that
was designated as a humanitarian
area funerals take place for those whose
bodies have been recovered and those who
survive there is nowhere safe to go
hanim Mahmud AL jaaz Central Gaza
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer